Update Level Up docs (#967)
openvinotoolkit/datumaro: docs/source/docs/level-up/intermediate_skills/10_data_generation.rst

    ``GEN_IMG_COUNT`` is an integer that indicates the number of images to be generated. (e.g. ``count=300``)
    ``GEN_IMG_SHAPE`` is a tuple representing the shape of generated images as (width, height) (e.g. ``shape=(240, 180)``)

Congratulations! You completed reading all Datumaro level-up documents for the intermediate skills.

> .. [FractalDB] Can Vision Transformers Learn without Natural Images?, Kodai Nakashima, et. al., 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. [FractalDB] Nakashima, Kodai, et al. "Can vision transformers learn without natural images?." Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Vol. 36. No. 2. 2022.
```
I recently used MLA format for the reference somewhere. Please change it to MLA format.
